Knouted were able to submit a form.
Let's actually add some validation to it and a template driven approach.
We would simply add required year for example to make this field required.
It doesn't work like this.
In the reactive approach because keep in mind and that's key you're not configuring the form in the
template you're only synchronizing it with the directives form control name and for that group but you're
not configuring it here the type of code that's where you configure it.
That is why foreign control takes more than one argument.
There's constructor here.
You cannot only set the default value.
The second argument allows you to specify some validators so you can either only pass a one validator
here like for user name where I only want to make sure that it is required and you do this by adding
the validators object.
Make sure to import it from every angle of forms and there you get a couple of built in validators you
can use for example required.
Now make sure to not call it to not execute it so don't have parentheses after it because you don't
want to execute this method.
It is a static method made available by validators here.
Instead you only want to pass the reference to this method.
Angular will execute the method whenever it detects that the input of this form control changed.
So it just needs to have a reference on what it should execute at this point of time.
So this is the required validator.
But as I said this is only one option.
You can also add multiple validators by simply passing an array of validators.
So year to email I'm going to pass an array of validators because I want to have the required validator.
Just like on the username but I'll add another validator to your I'll add the email validator and this
again all doesn't need to get executed.
We just need to reference.
So here I now also passed my validator and now we do have validation in place.
If we go back to our form and we inspect and let it reload and we inspect the email field here for example
it's invalid.
If I enter something year it's still invalid.
If I enter the email address though it becomes valid when the same of course for username it's invalid
right now.
As soon as I enter something it becomes well that because it's now not empty anymore.
So daises how you can add validation to this approach.